Update code samples and improve concepts documentation (#48)
inngest/agent-kit: docs/concepts/networks.mdx

---
title: Networks
description: 'Combine one or more agents into a Network.'
icon: 'chart-network'
iconType: 'regular'
---

> Networks are **Systems of [Agents](/concepts/agents)**. Use Networks to create powerful AI Agents by combining multiple Agents.

Reviewer: create AI Agents by combining agents? I feel like we're describing the thing with the same thing. Suggesting to find another word

    </Steps>
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Model configuration

> A Network can provide a default model for Agents that don't have one:

Reviewer: I think this is required to do the routing right? maybe 
```suggestion
A Network must provide a default model which is used for routing between Agents and for Agents that don't have one:
```

Reviewer: Maybe mention default routing agent?

```tsx
import { createNetwork, openai } from '@inngest/agent-kit';

// searchAgent and summaryAgent definitions...

const network = createNetwork({
  agents: [searchAgent, summaryAgent],
  defaultModel: openai({ model: 'gpt-4o' }),
});
```

<Info>
A Network not defining a `defaultModel` and composed of Agents without model will throw an error.
</Info>

### Combination of multiple models

> The `defaultModel` is only used by the network when no model is provided on an Agent.
> This means that a network can end up using multiple models if some Agents relies on different models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Agent can specify it's own model to use so a Network may end up using multiple models. Here is an example of a Network that defaults to use an OpenAI model, but the `summaryAgent` is configured to use an Anthropic model:
```
